record_canvass.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Record Canvass Helper
---

# Record Canvass Helper

This document defines the Record Canvass Helper resource. 

The Record Attendance Helper is a helper endpoint to aid in the creation of [Canvass](canvasses.html), [Answer](answers.html), [Tagging](taggings.html), and [Item (list membership)](items.html) resources via POST. It provides a quick and easy way to create a canvass as well as all the data collected during that canvass, eliminating the need for multiple POST operations to store that information.

In addition, you can indicate to the server whether to trigger additional actions, such as an autoresponse email sent back to the person who took action.

The Record Canvass Helper assumes that the person who was canvassed (the "target") already exists in the system.

Typically, the response to a successful Record Canvass Helper POST is the full representation of the Canvass. However, the Record Canvass Helper can be used without authentication, allowing for use in frontend javascript-based applications without giving away API key secrets, for example. If no authentication is passed, the response will simply be the server response code, to avoid leaking any data. (ex: 200 for success, 500 for error, etc...)

Some initial implementations may only support helpers -- direct RESTful access may not be supported. In those cases, the _links section may be omitted in responses.


### Sections:

* [Endpoints and URL structures](#endpoints-and-url-structures)
* [Fields](#fields)
	* [Common Fields](#common-fields)
  * [Record Canvass Helper Fields](#record-canvass-helper-fields)
  * [Helper Action Functions](#helper-action-functions)
  * [Related Objects](#related-objects)
* [Related Resources](#related-resources)
* [Scenarios](#scenarios)
    * [Scenario: Creating a new canvass (POST)](#scenario-creating-a-new-canvass-post)
    * [Scenario: Creating a new canvass without authentication (POST)](#scenario-creating-a-new-canvass-without-authentication-post)


{% include endpoints_and_url_structures.md %}

The link relation label for the Record Canvass Helper is ```osdi:record_canvass_helper```.

_[Back to top...](#)_


## Fields

{% include fields_intro.md %}

{% include global_fields_helper.md %}

_[Back to top...](#)_


### Record Canvass Helper Fields

A list of fields specific for POSTing via the Record Canvass Helper.  Please note that the target of a canvass (the person who has been canvassed) is indicated by the Person identifier in the route.

| Name          | Type      | Description
|-----------    |-----------|-----------|--------------
|origin_system		|string     |A human readable identifier of the system where this attendance was created. (ex: "OSDI System")
|action_date		|string		|The date and time the canvass was attempted.
| contact_type  | string | A code indicating the method by which the person was contacted.  For example: "in-person"
| input_type    | string | A code indicating the method by which the canvass is being input into the system. For example: "mobile"
| success      | boolean | True if the target was successfully contacted, False otherwise.
| status_code  | string | A code indicating the status of the contact attempt.  For example: "not-home" indicates that the contact failed because the target was not home, while "success" indicates that the target was contacted successfully.  An empty or missing value for status_code should be assumed to mean that the contact was successful.
| canvasser          |[Person](people.html) | A link to a single Person resource representing the person who made the contact.

_[Back to top...](#)_

### Helper Action Functions

{% include helper_action_functions.md %}

_[Back to top...](#)_

### Related Objects

These JSON hashes included in the table above are broken out into their own tables for readability, rather than independent resources with their own endpoints.

#### QuestionResponse

|Name          |Type      |Description
|-----------    |-----------|--------------
|question      |[Question](questions.html)     | A question to which an Answer is being added
|value      |string     |The response the person gave, if the question type is “Paragraph” or if otherwise appropriate (e.g., if the question response was “Other”).
|responses  |string[] | An array of strings corresponding to the question response key(s) chosen by the Person who answered the Question.

_[Back to top...](#)_

## Related Resources

* [Canvass](canvasses.html)
* [Answer](answers.html)
* [Question](questions.html)
* [Tagging](taggings.html)
* [Person](people.html)

_[Back to top...](#)_


## Scenarios

{% include scenarios_helper_intro.md %}


### Scenario: Creating a new canvass (POST)

Posting to the record canvass helper endpoint will allow you to create a new canvass and the associated answers and/or taggings in one operation. The response is the attendance that was created. While each implementing system will require different fields, any optional fields not included in a post operation should not be set at all by the receiving system, or should be set to default values.

#### Request

```javascript
POST https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/record_canvass_helper

Header:
OSDI-API-Token:[your api key here]

{
    "canvass": {
      "origin_system": "OSDI Sample System",
      "action_date": "2014-03-18T11:02:15Z",
      "contact_type": "in-person",
      "input_type": "mobile",
      "success": true,
      "status_code": "",
      "canvasser": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316444"
    },
{% include helper_action_examples.md %}
}
```

#### Response

```javascript
200 OK

Content-Type: application/hal+json
Cache-Control: max-age=0, private, must-revalidate

{
    "identifiers": [
        "osdi_sample_system:d91b4b2e-ae0e-4cd3-9ed7-d0ec501b0bc3",
        "foreign_system:1"
    ],
    "origin_system": "OSDI Sample System",
    "created_date": "2014-03-20T21:04:31Z",
    "modified_date": "2014-03-20T21:04:31Z",
    "action_date": "2014-03-18T11:02:15Z",
    "contact_type": "in-person",
    "input_type": "mobile",
    "success": true,
    "status_code": "",
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/canvasses/d91b4b2e-ae0e-4cd3-9ed7-d0ec501b0bc3"
        },
        "osdi:canvasser": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316444"
        },
        "osdi:target": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29"
        },
        "osdi:answers": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/canvasses/d91b4b2e-ae0e-4cd3-9ed7-d0ec501b0bc3/answers"
        },
        "osdi:taggings": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/canvasses/d91b4b2e-ae0e-4cd3-9ed7-d0ec501b0bc3/taggings"
        }
    }
}
```


_[Back to top...](#)_

### Scenario: Creating a new canvass without authentication (POST)

Posting to the record canvass helper endpoint without authentication will allow you to create a new canvass and the associated answers and/or taggings in one operation, but without giving away API key secrets or leaking data, so this method is appropriate for frontend javascript applications. The response is the server resonse code. (ex: 200 for success, 500 for error, etc...) While each implementing system will require different fields, any optional fields not included in a post operation should not be set at all by the receiving system, or should be set to default values.

#### Request

```javascript
POST https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/record_canvass_helper

{
    "canvass": {
      "origin_system": "OSDI Sample System",
      "action_date": "2014-03-18T11:02:15Z",
      "contact_type": "in-person",
      "input_type": "mobile",
      "success": true,
      "status_code": "",
      "canvasser": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316444"
    },
{% include helper_action_examples.md %}
}
```

#### Response

```javascript
200 OK
```


_[Back to top...](#)_

Commit message:

empty json for non-authenticated POST

record_canvass.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Record Canvass Helper
---

# Record Canvass Helper

This document defines the Record Canvass Helper resource. 

The Record Attendance Helper is a helper endpoint to aid in the creation of [Canvass](canvasses.html), [Answer](answers.html), [Tagging](taggings.html), and [Item (list membership)](items.html) resources via POST. It provides a quick and easy way to create a canvass as well as all the data collected during that canvass, eliminating the need for multiple POST operations to store that information.

In addition, you can indicate to the server whether to trigger additional actions, such as an autoresponse email sent back to the person who took action.

The Record Canvass Helper assumes that the person who was canvassed (the "target") already exists in the system.

Typically, the response to a successful Record Canvass Helper POST is the full representation of the Canvass. However, the Record Canvass Helper can be used without authentication, allowing for use in frontend javascript-based applications without giving away API key secrets, for example. If no authentication is passed, the response on success will simply be the server response code (ex: 200) and an empty JSON object. On error, the server response code (ex: 404, 500) plus an error message may be returned.

Some initial implementations may only support helpers -- direct RESTful access may not be supported. In those cases, the _links section may be omitted in responses.


### Sections:

* [Endpoints and URL structures](#endpoints-and-url-structures)
* [Fields](#fields)
	* [Common Fields](#common-fields)
  * [Record Canvass Helper Fields](#record-canvass-helper-fields)
  * [Helper Action Functions](#helper-action-functions)
  * [Related Objects](#related-objects)
* [Related Resources](#related-resources)
* [Scenarios](#scenarios)
    * [Scenario: Creating a new canvass (POST)](#scenario-creating-a-new-canvass-post)
    * [Scenario: Creating a new canvass without authentication (POST)](#scenario-creating-a-new-canvass-without-authentication-post)


{% include endpoints_and_url_structures.md %}

The link relation label for the Record Canvass Helper is ```osdi:record_canvass_helper```.

_[Back to top...](#)_


## Fields

{% include fields_intro.md %}

{% include global_fields_helper.md %}

_[Back to top...](#)_


### Record Canvass Helper Fields

A list of fields specific for POSTing via the Record Canvass Helper.  Please note that the target of a canvass (the person who has been canvassed) is indicated by the Person identifier in the route.

| Name          | Type      | Description
|-----------    |-----------|-----------|--------------
|origin_system		|string     |A human readable identifier of the system where this attendance was created. (ex: "OSDI System")
|action_date		|string		|The date and time the canvass was attempted.
| contact_type  | string | A code indicating the method by which the person was contacted.  For example: "in-person"
| input_type    | string | A code indicating the method by which the canvass is being input into the system. For example: "mobile"
| success      | boolean | True if the target was successfully contacted, False otherwise.
| status_code  | string | A code indicating the status of the contact attempt.  For example: "not-home" indicates that the contact failed because the target was not home, while "success" indicates that the target was contacted successfully.  An empty or missing value for status_code should be assumed to mean that the contact was successful.
| canvasser          |[Person](people.html) | A link to a single Person resource representing the person who made the contact.

_[Back to top...](#)_

### Helper Action Functions

{% include helper_action_functions.md %}

_[Back to top...](#)_

### Related Objects

These JSON hashes included in the table above are broken out into their own tables for readability, rather than independent resources with their own endpoints.

#### QuestionResponse

|Name          |Type      |Description
|-----------    |-----------|--------------
|question      |[Question](questions.html)     | A question to which an Answer is being added
|value      |string     |The response the person gave, if the question type is “Paragraph” or if otherwise appropriate (e.g., if the question response was “Other”).
|responses  |string[] | An array of strings corresponding to the question response key(s) chosen by the Person who answered the Question.

_[Back to top...](#)_

## Related Resources

* [Canvass](canvasses.html)
* [Answer](answers.html)
* [Question](questions.html)
* [Tagging](taggings.html)
* [Person](people.html)

_[Back to top...](#)_


## Scenarios

{% include scenarios_helper_intro.md %}


### Scenario: Creating a new canvass (POST)

Posting to the record canvass helper endpoint will allow you to create a new canvass and the associated answers and/or taggings in one operation. The response is the attendance that was created. While each implementing system will require different fields, any optional fields not included in a post operation should not be set at all by the receiving system, or should be set to default values.

#### Request

```javascript
POST https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/record_canvass_helper

Header:
OSDI-API-Token:[your api key here]

{
    "canvass": {
      "origin_system": "OSDI Sample System",
      "action_date": "2014-03-18T11:02:15Z",
      "contact_type": "in-person",
      "input_type": "mobile",
      "success": true,
      "status_code": "",
      "canvasser": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316444"
    },
{% include helper_action_examples.md %}
}
```

#### Response

```javascript
200 OK

Content-Type: application/hal+json
Cache-Control: max-age=0, private, must-revalidate

{
    "identifiers": [
        "osdi_sample_system:d91b4b2e-ae0e-4cd3-9ed7-d0ec501b0bc3",
        "foreign_system:1"
    ],
    "origin_system": "OSDI Sample System",
    "created_date": "2014-03-20T21:04:31Z",
    "modified_date": "2014-03-20T21:04:31Z",
    "action_date": "2014-03-18T11:02:15Z",
    "contact_type": "in-person",
    "input_type": "mobile",
    "success": true,
    "status_code": "",
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/canvasses/d91b4b2e-ae0e-4cd3-9ed7-d0ec501b0bc3"
        },
        "osdi:canvasser": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316444"
        },
        "osdi:target": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29"
        },
        "osdi:answers": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/canvasses/d91b4b2e-ae0e-4cd3-9ed7-d0ec501b0bc3/answers"
        },
        "osdi:taggings": {
            "href": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/canvasses/d91b4b2e-ae0e-4cd3-9ed7-d0ec501b0bc3/taggings"
        }
    }
}
```


_[Back to top...](#)_

### Scenario: Creating a new canvass without authentication (POST)

Posting to the record canvass helper endpoint without authentication will allow you to create a new canvass and the associated answers and/or taggings in one operation, but without giving away API key secrets or leaking data, so this method is appropriate for frontend javascript applications. The response on success will simply be the server response code (ex: 200) and an empty JSON object. On error, the server response code (ex: 404, 500) plus an error message may be returned. While each implementing system will require different fields, any optional fields not included in a POST operation should not be set at all by the receiving system, or should be set to default values.

#### Request

```javascript
POST https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316c29/record_canvass_helper

{
    "canvass": {
      "origin_system": "OSDI Sample System",
      "action_date": "2014-03-18T11:02:15Z",
      "contact_type": "in-person",
      "input_type": "mobile",
      "success": true,
      "status_code": "",
      "canvasser": "https://osdi-sample-system.org/api/v1/people/c945d6fe-929e-11e3-a2e9-12313d316444"
    },
{% include helper_action_examples.md %}
}
```

#### Response

```javascript
200 OK

Content-Type: application/hal+json
Cache-Control: max-age=0, private, must-revalidate

{}
```


_[Back to top...](#)_
